Reflection
When I was putting the website together I really focused on making a scalable project.  I thought a lot about the music project/ transportation/ language project we worked on as a group in class. In our group, we started with a big idea and had too large a target audience and an ambitious goal. We realized that the project was not scalable.  When I chose my topic for the midterm, I decided that I had to narrow the focus to something that would target a specific group of users that was not too small and not too big.  
I decided on transportation, then narrowed it to driving, then winter weather driving, and then narrowed it to preparing a car and car kit for winter weather.  Once I had the actual topic, it was a manageable task as far as collecting data/ materials and organizing them on the website in an organized manner.  At first I was going to do the site on winter driving and realized that was too large a focus and would involve driver education in addition to car preparation, survival kits and what do in case of an emergency.  At that point I decided to eliminate the driving component altogether and concentrate on the other preparatory elements.    
As far as designing the site, I wanted it to have an educational feel without being distracting to the user.  I designed the two material containing pages (learning and resources) to have the same look and feel so that users would feel comfortable and the experience would be more seamless. I also integrated video and text for learning materials so that users could rely on multiple modes of information, similar to a functional classroom.  
